It's funny, right?
I'll let you know my gift in a minute.
Big color, I warn you.
Don't mess around, I've practiced it
Then I have to be careful. I know I'm afraid
Then be quiet
Okay, calm down
Say you call me afterlife
Help me get the bone worm out first
Okay, let me ask for something first
Say when to start now
You relax
I'm already very relaxed
What are you twisting?
I can't keep it, no matter how I twist it, is it a crime?
I'm telling you, you're committing a crime.
You're not thinking about something else, are you?
Tell me if you want to
If not, then you are really not a man.
Then if I want to
If you dare to plot against me
I immediately told Zhao Wan
How did it go?
afraid
Afraid to tell you what it means to be afraid
What are you doing?